2025 - 2026 DSI Vision Board

Feel free to write down anything that you have in mind for the future of DSI. Nothing too concrete, just brainstorming is fine. No idea is a bad idea!!! 
Please don’t delete ideas; just cross them out instead (Alt+Shift+5)
“The best way to predict the future is to create it.” - Abraham Lincoln

Table of Contents:
Internal/External Organization
Membership
Discord Specific Engagement
Social Events
Instagram
Symposium
Workshops
Projects/Research
Student Org Collaborations



Internal/External Organization
Utilize the website more. I (safi) have never had a reason to go on the DSI website.
revamp website (calendar and option to add it to your own calendar, workshops, previous exec boards, mailing list sign up, "how to be a member", "who are we", "where we meet")
DSI homepage (ask safi)
Flyer request overhaul
Automated Instagram posting?
Utilize/promote the Youtube channel more. I did not even know we had one until like January.
Plan Social events/collabs/junior board social a few months ahead
Take note of the Campus Recruiting Time for diff companies and make sure to contact them early enough
Find smaller local business and ask if they need interns/ project anything tbh
DSI job board or something like that on the website
DSI Newsletter: Get people to sign up for the newsletter then send out weekly email like what is happening/ list of events/scholarships/internships openings
Office hours: might be helpful since a 1 hour workshop might not cover enough
Make a list of clubs/companies that we can potentially collab with over the summer
Member “application” so we have a list of members, tie it in with attendance (safi job)
Active member score system: for exec election, banquet, internal networking event, …
Add more games/icebreaker to the GBMs
Have more people speak at the GBMs, more interactive
Sponsorship packet/reach out to companies


Membership
Can we pretty please announce all the GBMs ahead of time? I do NOT vibe with them being released 2 days prior - real
Treat DSI like a business, scarcity and differentiation are the driving forces. We need to give people a reason to show up to meetings:
End of year banquet
Food, superlatives, awards, networking
Merch (quarter zips, crewnecks, shirts, water bottles)
Semesterly scholarships
I like this, one every semester ($500?) by collaborating with industry (M)
This would instantly differentiate us from other clubs (Matheus)
Look into the legality of this as well (M)
Internships
Reach out to startups or venture capitals, have a space where companies can come and recruit
Have a resume database where students can (willingly) put their resumes, we can then leverage this when asking companies for money
Selective projects
Aadhi
Table more often in Turlington. A great way to get people in all classes involved, even non-CS students!
Event Coordinators, also speaking at classes
Guest speakers are great, but to be honest they can be kind of boring. We need flagship speakers, and they should be tied in to the GBMs to raise attendance rather than being standalone.
100% Agree (Matheus), have a (non-intern) speaker from Microsoft/Google/Etc at every GBM to speak for ~30min about data science or career related things
Mentor/mentee: this is lowkey oversaturated but I really want to do study groups but we can also take advantage of the project groups and do smth like Project Pods: have teams work on mini data science projects together (could be case studies, datasets, hackathon prep, …)
This could work but I believe it will largely be a freshman thing, and itll typically fall off mid semester
During first GMB:
Mailing list sign up
Resume bank for internship/company interest
Member “application”

Discord Specific Engagement
Almost 1000+ people, and yet it's the same 10 people talking on every channel. At this point it could be a good idea to just purge every dead member or remake the discord to force a rebrand and engagement. Only join discord if youre going to talk?  
Game nights! Let’s play among us or jackbox every so often to make it feel alive. I was also thinking of a DSI minecraft server, but that could probably go very wrong very fast 😂.
Discord nitro giveaways??
CS discords appear to be oversaturated. I haven’t done research, but I am assuming that DSI, Gaitor, OSC, CSU, and more all have one and its pretty similar in structure. All of these strive to be generalists when in reality they are speciality discords. CSU should have the general, and then you should branch to other servers for specifics (like DSI for data science, OSC for programming, etc.)
Maybe too much link spam goes on in the different channels. Concentrating them all in a few might be worthwhile?
“Open mic nights” → Not necessarily karaoke, but more so use the discord podcast feature to have intellectual discussions on the future of AI, philosophy, user data, etc.
I really like this and is something I have been thinking about as well, especially the philosophy and how the future will unfold; AI proofing your job; (Matheus)


Social Events
Have workshops collabing with clubs in diff fields (business, med, art, engineering, …) - can be social or can be an in4 session about the application of data science in those fields
DSI Unfiltered - a series of Ask Me Anything events
With Alumni, Club Members, professors, etc.
With companies/recruiters
With students?!? Maybe the other technical clubs but honestly just people who are good at something
Mock interview
Leetcode/Homework/Coffee Nights
Tech Club Fair - might not be feasible this year but we’ll see
In4 sessions about internships/graduate/ research program

Instagram
Appearance on Instagram is a spectrum:
Appearing fun/social <——————————————> serious/academic
Decide what look DSI wants to have. This WILL make a large impact. Example, check out Hospitaliteam and Gator User Design on Instagram. See the difference? Although Hospitaliteam looks more fun, its work-oriented and you just volunteer. I’ve never been to a GUD meeting but it definitely seems a lot more serious based solely on the Instagram page.
Create templates for different instagram posts
GBMs
Socials
Workshops
Fundraisers
Events
Announcements
Symposium (separate style)
Eboard takeovers? QnA
This is dumb ik but have leaflets with the qr code smth and stick it at diff places on campus 
1080 x 1080 flyers
Insta reels… it can be funny or professional depends on the insta appearance


Symposium
Give people a reason to attend speaker sessions:
Attending x out of y sessions will either:
Enter you into a raffle
Give you merch
Allow you access to something
Rename it to “Conference”? (Matheus)
People probably don't know what a symposium is (M)
It technically aligns more with a conference anyway (M)
Add a number next to it 
E.g. “11th DSI Conference” or “DSI AI Symposium XI”
“It makes people see that this is not the first time this is happening, it gives a bigger sense of authority” - someone I spoke to (M)
Guest speaker consent forms to record sessions and use their face on our social media pages.
Symposium length:
9am – 5pm is ideal
Speakers should be 45 minutes, 30 for presenting and 15 for questions.
Have a waiver for speakers/participants if we intend on using their picture or recording (see screenshot below from Sarah, who was one of the speakers and has hosted many professional conferences before)
Integrate a tech club fair?
DSI pins.

Workshops
Give people a reason to attend workshops:
Have a form posted for people to submit workshop interets/improvements
Try to reach out the professors to see if they will offer extra credit for students who attend the workshop
Make a series of everything and teach more in depth stuff
Organize them on the website neatly, have a link to the youtube recording, a link to the GitHub materials, etc
Partner with AIIRI. Dr. Zare expressed a lot of interest in this. It is in our best interest to have our goals aligned with theirs as much as possible
See if different companies/professors would want to collaborate on a workshop. 


Projects/Research
Safi’s meteorology contacts?
Somehow acquire large datasets and host hackathons for data (I think datafest is the right term) every semester or month. Nothing too formal, but a mix of casual and serious so people have a motivation to stay involved and things to throw on a resume.
Randomly survey (convenience sample) a bunch of students about topics to obtain “big data” → use this to promote change or a policy
Ask safi about SHAC, they could be interested in this regarding student health and the possibility of a medication vending machine
Literally every (medical) research lab has at least 1 comp sci student who just analyzes their data. A lot of potential openings there for DSI members…
Maximize the partnership with departments (and see if Dr Zare is ok w us getting outside money)
UFIT:
-> HiPerGator access
-> HiPerGator tour (once a semester?)
-> Nvidia Workshop (once a semester/year?)
-> Funding
AI2 Center:
-> AI2 Days, get DSI involved for smth
-> Funding
Student Org Collaborations
Internally, why don’t we advertise us as “people who will analyze your data” for literally any club and any reason. Why not? 
Some student orgs to collab next year imo:
AlgoGators - great for quant/ data engineer
Dream Team Engineering - ik someone and they’re jacked, also I heard they wanna collab with clubs next year
SASE/SHPE/WiCSE Engineering Team - I’m chill with SASE’s prev SET leader so…
AI Healthcare - we collabed with them before but only for socials, smth more than that would be nice
Swamphacks/Winghacks/ Hackathons in general
UES/UF Math Club/ASA/FASS
GEMRU
Student EMT volunteers on campus, they respond to 911 calls for medical assistance. I am not sure if their patient databases are accessible to us, but if we could analyze their data for clinical research studies… 🤑























AIIRI
UFIT
George Smather’s Library
AI2 Center
CISE
Dept of Statistics
CLAS (Tentative)
